Add lint and tests via CI pipeline (#35)
1Password/op-scim-helm: README.md

| file | string | `scimsession` | File name. |
| accessModes | list | `[ReadWriteOnce]` | Access modes. |
| resources | object | `{ "requests": { "storage": "1Gi" } }` | The default storage request is `1Gi`. |

> | storageClass | string | N/A | Storage class. The default is not set. Set to `"-"` to set value to `""`. `do-block-storage` is recommended for Digital Ocean. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| storageClass | string | unset/nil/not set | Storage class. Set to `"-"` to set value to `""` in resulting application. `do-block-storage` is recommended for Digital Ocean. |
```
Looking at the rendered output, I think we should state the default is not set in the default column. I also think explaining the `-` choice slightly would be helpful. 

![Screenshot 2021-12-21 at 2 38 16 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7812612/146994634-ef37afa2-ffb0-4290-99cf-1d894e1cbf0f.png)

> | storageClass | string | unset/nil/not set | Storage class. Set to `"-"` to set value to `""` in resulting application. `do-block-storage` is recommended for Digital Ocean. |

Reviewer: `unset/nil/not set` I was hoping you would pick one 😂

Author: Got it. I'll replace this with `unset` and also review the other `N/A` values.

- [ ] review N/A values

|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| name | string | `op-scim-bridge-credentials` | Secret name. |
| key | string | `scimsession` | Secret key. |
| value_json | string | `{}` | JSON contents of the scimsession file. |

> | value_base64 | string | `""` | Base64 encoded contents of the scimsession file. |

Reviewer: base64, not url safe base64, correct? I don't *think* there are any components that would require url safe, but this has caught me before.

Author: Correct. In my testing `base64` (and `openssl`) worked fine to encode the `scimsession` contents. I think making the distinction in the docs will likely confuse users more than help them.
